conflicts is normal in a new unit. If you're new to that, you know, I
should say there's an adage you need to shut up for the 1st 6 months.
Shut up and listen. If you're causing conflict has directly related
to you, then you need to take a better look at yourself because you
don't you really don't know what's going on until you've observed
what's happening in that unit for a period of time. They say six months.
But it could just as well be three months if you come in there.
If you come into a new unit and start trying to change things automatically
specifically as a junior officer, that can grow people the
wrong way. So really, I would say in a roundabout way, is that if you
go to a new unit to avoid the conflict, start from the positions,
you know, I'm gonna listen first, and once I get an idea of how things
work, then I'm going to try and serve myself